Update FAQ (#261)
OpenSats/website: data/pages/faq.mdx

only promise to do our best to ensure that all funds go to deserving projects
which support OpenSats' mission of creating a sustainable and consistent
ecosystem of funding for Bitcoin and Bitcoin-related FOSS contributors.

# Do board members benefit financially from donations?

No. Board members are not compensated for their board member duties and do not
benefit from donations given to our funds. Board member duties are performed on
a volunteer basis.

## Tell me more about your board. How does it work?

We have [nine board members][board] and we vote by majority. All standard
decisions (like which new projects are added to the website or which projects
will receive grants allocated from the general fund) are made by simple majority
(5-4), while board-related changes will require 6-3 majority. New members to the
board will be announced publicly.

## Are you really 100% passthrough?

Yes, really. We have an operational budget to cover lawyers, accountants, and
basic operational costs, but they aren't paid from your donations to projects.
Our operational costs are covered by generous donors who regularly donate to our
[Operations Budget][ops].

>   - John Pfeffer, Greg Foss, Ten31, #startsmall, and The Bitcoin Company have contributed to our legal and operational overhead or contributed technical development resources so OpenSats can stay 100% passthrough for all general fund and project specific donations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - John Pfeffer, Greg Foss, Ten31, #startsmall, and The Bitcoin Company have contributed to our legal and operational overhead or contributed technical development resources so OpenSats can stay 100% passthrough for all donations direct to our General Fund and Nostr Fund.
```
